and
Good day to you, Andrei boss
today is sunday the day off
in nature in general, I rest and what am I
this video today wanted to show in this
video I will show how to get into the trailer if
you have batteries
the thing is i got a friday trailer
that is, changed already received on the next
week trailer he stood in the port for weeks
I do not know why it happened so you can see cargo there
not urgent loaded all but without
temperatures but the fact is that when i
got the trailer always check the trailer and
I tried to start it in them and it came out
so that he got batteries that is
this week
battery and in this video i will show how
start it
if you have a village
battery well, firstly for
order to start it you can of course
wring the trailer but as i stand on
It is impossible to do a day off
I can not go this is the twitch
so as not to bring down his vacation time
on a detailed tachograph that we
first we need to do
disengage because we need to open
this one this one here
our cabin wo n't let you
disengage to be here instead
now let's start clinging well to
disengage before all
open the lock so opened my lock
this is called semi-automatic then
there is here just pulled the handle aside
and she locked herself in the open
position there are locks as if so tame
what do you call a doggy there
make tied so strong to
there do not climb do not get dirty or rope
dog it opens and the same
manipulation make the handle opens
Castle
opened the lock and why are we first
open the lock
the fact is that if you first raise the corpse
recipe to raise our rear axle then when
will happen and evil and
lock jam and most of you
the case will just be difficult
make it difficult to discover but
so we are now
open lock we will start the car so that
we had air in the system
helicopters are allowed to live there
Now the head of the car was to the system
air and since we have a remote on for
rear axle lift
that is, we only work on
ignition that I started the air above the market
pumped up
we get
our remote
and click on this button
take off
raised enough
now let's go pushing you two skipping
Now we will take this pen
Kamchatka will dress and lower their paws
that costs you so well paws now
lowered lowered
and a little bit on the remote down the rear axle
to give free the lock as if
weakness that was
so he sat on his paws
fine
so my drove away now you can freely
open defense now open
Batteries will light against cancer
battery I have prepared the cable already
Now I will connect and we will try
start a trailer refrigerator
the cocktail that I made to the starter
connected plus
and to -3 mass and wire
threw now we will try to start
like atoms
refrigerator hooked up now
connect
Battery not forget that
so we have a voltage of 24 volts
Refrigerator 12 means lit from
single battery
so all
but now we try to start
similarity for the police works wires I
disconnected
the bullet is closing my sight and
After all, they try to disturb the batteries
all doing the reverse order why are you
stayed to do because there is time
free because well, more than a week
fan may be zaparka
just will not have time
so it's best to do it dunking
free time
on this i'm finishing him good luck
positive good mood
the second showed that
fast